content/publication/eusar2008/index.md, before:

---
abstract: The Back-Projection Algorithm is a SAR processing approach that uses time-domain convolution of the SAR data in order to perform SAR focusing. Some benefits of this approach are exact inversion, ideal motion compensation including topography information and handling of general aperture geometries. The implementation of the Back-Projection Algorithm was done focusing on the parallelization aspects. Applications of the algorithm are presented with respect to topography adaptive processing, direct generation of map projections and consideration of non linear trajectories. 
authors:
- admin
- Pau Prats
- Rolf Scheiber
date: "2008-10-01T00:00:00Z"
doi: ""
featured: false
image:
  # caption: 'Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/pLCdAaMFLTE)'
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false
# links:
# - name: Custom Link
#   url: http://example.org
# projects:
# - internal-project
publication: EUSAR 2008
# publication_short: In *EUSAR 2008*
publication_types:
- "1"
publishDate: "2008-10-01T00:00:00Z"
# slides: example
summary: The Back-Projection Algorithm is a SAR processing approach that uses time-domain convolution of the SAR data in order to perform SAR focusing. Some benefits of this approach are exact inversion, ideal motion compensation including topography information and handling of general aperture geometries.
tags:
- Signal Processing
- SAR
title: Applications of Time-Domain Back-Projection SAR Processing in the Airborne Case 
# url_code: '#'
# url_dataset: '#'
url_pdf: https://elib.dlr.de/53756/1/albuquerque_EUSAR2008_time_domain.pdf
# url_poster: '#'
# url_project: ""
# url_slides: ""
# url_source: '#'
# url_video: '#'
---

Commit message:

Add Rio Oil&Gas 2018 publication

content/publication/eusar2008/index.md, after:

---
abstract: The Back-Projection Algorithm is a SAR processing approach that uses time-domain convolution of the SAR data in order to perform SAR focusing. Some benefits of this approach are exact inversion, ideal motion compensation including topography information and handling of general aperture geometries. The implementation of the Back-Projection Algorithm was done focusing on the parallelization aspects. Applications of the algorithm are presented with respect to topography adaptive processing, direct generation of map projections and consideration of non linear trajectories. 
authors:
- admin
- Pau Prats
- Rolf Scheiber
date: "2008-10-01T00:00:00Z"
doi: ""
featured: false
image:
  # caption: 'Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/pLCdAaMFLTE)'
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false
# links:
# - name: Custom Link
#   url: http://example.org
# projects:
# - internal-project
publication: EUSAR 2008
# publication_short: In *EUSAR 2008*
publication_types:
- "1"
publishDate: "2008-10-01T00:00:00Z"
# slides: example
summary: The Back-Projection Algorithm is a Synthetic Aperture Radar processing approach that uses time-domain convolution in order to perform SAR focusing. This work highlights benefits of this approach, such as exact inversion, ideal motion compensation including topography information and handling of general aperture geometries.
tags:
- Signal Processing
- SAR
- Back-Projection
title: Applications of Time-Domain Back-Projection SAR Processing in the Airborne Case 
# url_code: '#'
# url_dataset: '#'
url_pdf: publication/eusar2008/albuquerque_EUSAR2008.pdf
# url_poster: '#'
# url_project: ""
# url_slides: ""
# url_source: '#'
# url_video: '#'
---
